docs: added showSuggestions (#477)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/dom-testing-library/api-configuration.md

stack traces are hard to debug). If you want to disable this, then set
`showOriginalStackTrace` to `false`. You can also disable this for a specific
call in the options you pass to `waitFor`.
`throwSuggestions`: (experimental) When enabled, if [better queries](https://testing-library.com/docs/guide-which-query) are available 

> the test will fail and provide a suggested query to use instead.  Default is 'false'

Reviewer: To be consistent with the other config options

```suggestion
the test will fail and provide a suggested query to use instead.  Default to `false`.
```
